## MoneyTigo Payment Module for PrestaShop 1.4 & 1.5

This payment module allows you to accept credit card payments through MoneyTigo.com payment solution (https://www.moneytigo.com).
This payment module is compatible with all versions of prestashop 1.4 & 1.5

* Module version: 1.1.1

# INSTALLATION FOR THE FIRST TIME

To install MoneyTigo plugin we invite you first : 

### For prestashop V1.4

* As a priority - [Download the archive of the module by clicking here](https://github.com/moneytigo/MoneyTigo_Prestashop_1.4/releases/download/1.1.1/moneytigo-prestashop-14-to-15-v1.1.1.zip)
* 1 - Go to your PRESTASHOP dashboard
* 2 - Click on the "Module" tab
* 3 - Then click on "Add a module from my computer".
* 4 - Choose the downloaded file and click on "Load module".
* 5 - Then you go to the "Payment" section and search for "MoneyTigo" and click on "Install".
* 6 - You return to the same place section "Payment" > "MoneyTigo" and this time click on "Configure".
* 7 - Fill in your API key and your SECRET key (which you will find in your MoneyTigo space) then click on "Update configuration".
* 7 - The installation is finished and functional!

### For prestashop V1.5

* As a priority - [Download the archive of the module by clicking here](https://github.com/moneytigo/MoneyTigo_Prestashop_1.4/releases/download/1.1.1/moneytigo-prestashop-14-to-15-v1.1.1.zip)
* 1 - Go to your PRESTASHOP dashboard
* 2 - Click on the "Module" tab > "Module"
* 3 - Then click on "Add a module".
* 4 - Choose the downloaded file and click on "Put this module online".
* 5 - Then you go to the "Payment" section and search for "MoneyTigo" and click on "Install". (You can use search bar)
* 6 - You return to the same place section "Payment" > "MoneyTigo" and this time click on "Configure".
* 7 - Fill in your API key and your SECRET key (which you will find in your MoneyTigo space) then click on "Update configuration".
* 7 - The installation is finished and functional!


## IMPORTANT NOTE IN CASE OF UPDATE

If you install a new version of MoneyTigo module you MUST first completely remove the old MoneyTigo payment module before inserting the new one, otherwise you may have instability.

## SECOND IMPORTANT THING

Do not download the Github archive but the package generated by MoneyTigo of the latest stable version by following this link : [Download the archive of the module by clicking here](https://github.com/moneytigo/MoneyTigo_Prestashop_1.4/releases/download/1.1.1/moneytigo-prestashop-14-to-15-v1.1.1.zip)

## TEST MODE

The activation of the test mode is done directly in the management of your sites on your MoneyTigo dashboard.

(**Note:** To test transactions, don't forget to switch your website (in your MoneyTigo interface, in test/demo mode) and switch it to production when your tests are finished.

If you use the test mode you must use the following virtual credit cards:
* **Payment approved** : Card n° 4000 0000 0000 0002 , Expiry 12/22 , Cvv 123
* **Payment declined** : Card n° 4000 0000 0000 0036 , Expiry 12/22, Cvv 123
* **(Virtual cards do not work in production mode)**
